---
title: 'CoCo Chiang Mai'
subtitle:
date: 2019-09-01 00:00:00
description: Digital nomads love Chiang Mai, but it doesn't always seem like the city loves them back. CoCo is a community resource and referral service connecting digital nomads with accommodation, services and all the things they need to live, work and play in Chiang Mai.
featured_image: '/images/wat.jpg'
---

## Visit [cococnx.com](http://cococnx.com)

Your guide to Chiang Mai for digital nomads!

CoCo is curated specifically for digital nomads. We connect you with vetted accommodation and services to help you seamlessly plug into life in Chiang Mai. Become a member and you’ll also get access to citywide perks and our awesome community.

You’re here to build your business and create the life of your dreams. That’s the hard part. Finding a place to live, connecting to great wifi, organizing your day to day or making friends? That should be easy – and we’re here to help.

We partner with trusted local services providers help digital nomads plan their move, find a place to live, and book services in Chiang Mai. Whether you’re a do-it-yourselfer and just want a recommendation or you’re in need of a full-service concierge, we’ve got you covered.

At CoCo, we understand that the way you live, work, and travel isn’t the same as as other tourists and expats. Making your needs understood and negotiating for the right kind of rates and contracts is way harder than it needs to be… so we’ve gone out of our way to do just that for you.

#### Comfort
Settling in starts with finding a place to live. We offer stylish, comfortable, serviced apartments and move-in-ready rooms perfect for digital nomads.

#### Convenience
From the simple stuff like getting a Simcard, renting a motorbike and arranging meal deliveries to the trickier things like getting a visa, we’re here to help.

#### Community
Connect with talent and find your tribe. From coworking days and masterminds to parties and excursions, our events bring together the city’s best.


At CoCo, we make Chiang Mai feel like home. Get in touch with us to plan your move, find a room, or access our concierge services.
